# Header Text #

#Which overarching philosophical or theoretical assumptions have you been working within? Why? How did it work out?

Working within the realm of the Standard Model for the cross section measurement, and within BSM frameworks for the work on boosted tops. The topcolor-assisted technicolor theory exploited here assumes a resonant decay of Z primes into two standard model top quarks.

#If you were given a block of new funding now, how would you like to follow up your work?

The cross section analysis stands well on its own. The results are in good agreement with theoretical predictions. Some work could be done to improve the uncertainty on the measurement, thus increasing its weighting in combination, however this would require a substantial amount of work. A re-examination of the background estimation using the latest methodologies could lead to a reduction of the uncertainty on the cross section. Perhaps obtaining the electron selection efficiencies ourselves.   

The boosted top performance measurement has a lot of leg room for improvement. A full measurement of the b-jet selection efficiency and mistag rate could be performed with a more rigorous truth jet definition. The performance measurement could also be extended to high-pT b-jets in data.

#Thinking about your examiners: what links their work with your own research? Have you got hold of some of their published work to get a feel for how they work and how they discuss research?

#What would you do differently if you were starting again?

For the calibration: I would check the definitions of impact parameter significances more thoroughly and create more detailed tests to make sure that the selection is doing what we expect. Wasted a lot of time chasing "bugs" on this one. More tests of smaller portions of the analysis to make sure everything is doing what is expected.

#What has been happening in your field since you did your research? Is a further literature review necessary? How does your research fit into this updated context?


